Removed SSH re-run note about lack of container runner support (#8727)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_includes/snippets/troubleshoot/self-hosted-runner-troubleshoot-snip.adoc

CircleCI's machine runners support rerunning a job with SSH for debugging purposes. Instructions on using this feature can be found at <<ssh-access-jobs#,Debugging with SSH>>.

> NOTE: The `Rerun job with SSH` feature is disabled by default. To enable this feature, see xref:runner-config-reference.adoc#runner-ssh-advertise_addr[Installing the CircleCI's Self-hosted Runner]. 

Reviewer: Is it worth saying 

"To enable this feature, see the xref:runner-config-reference.adoc#runner-ssh-advertise_addr[Machine Runner Instructions] or the xref:container-runner-installatiion.adoc#enable-rerun-job-with-ssh[Container Runner instructions]."

> NOTE: The `Rerun job with SSH` feature is disabled by default. To enable this feature, see the xref:jekyll/_cci2/machine-runner-3-configuration-reference.adoc#runner-ssh-advertise_addr[Machine Runner Instructions] or the xref:jekyll/_cci2/container-runner-installation.adoc#enable-rerun-job-with-ssh[Container Runner instructions].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `Rerun job with SSH` feature is disabled by default. To enable this feature, see the xref:machine-runner-3-configuration-reference.adoc#runner-ssh-advertise_addr[machine runner configuration reference] or the xref:container-runner-installation.adoc#enable-rerun-job-with-ssh[container runner installation guide].
```
